General Instructions:

These questions can be completed in a variety of languages (C++, C#, Java, etc.). Feel free to use a language in which you are comfortable and fluent. When solving these problem please consider performance, memory utilization, code clarity, elegance and of course correctness of your solution.  

You will have 60 minutes to finish as many of these three problems as you are able.
 
Question 1: 

Let's say we're developing a vector graphics application. It will allow the user to create lines, rectangles, circles, text, etc. and manipulate them independently - move them, re-size them, etc. Design an object model for this application. 

•	How would you model the representation of the document in an object oriented language? 
•	What classes would you define? 
•	What methods would you have? What would your API look like?
 
Once you're finished - select "Submit Solution" to solve question 2.


Question 2: 
 
Setup:
Assume primitive Facebook. FB has Members.
class Member {
    String name;
    String email;
    List<Member> friends;
}
Question: 
Code printSocialGraph(Member m). Direct friends of m are Level 1 friends. Friends of friends are level 2 friends.....and so on
Print level 1 friends first. Then print level 2 friends....and so on
void printSocialGraph (Member m){
//Your code here
}

Once you're finished - select "Submit Solution" to solve question 3. 

Question 3:

Write a function that converts an int into its alpha-numeric equivalent represented as a null terminated string. The function should accept an int as input and return a string as output. For instance, calling the function with an int value of 324 would return a null terminated string containing "324". Ensure that your function checks for appropriate boundary conditions and edge cases. Assume you cannot use any standard libraries (for example, no itoa or sprintf).

Once you select "Submit Solution" after you have solved question 3, you will be directed to a page that displays your answers to all three questions to review. You will not be able to make any modifications or changes to any of your answers on this page. Lastly, if you can view this page, that means your answers have been recorded and received by Amazon.   

Thank you and good luck!
